Installation instructions for Speedbar

The following updates to your .emacs file will help you get the most out
of this update of speedbar.

1) Build speedbar

   On the unix command line, type:

   $ make

   If you want to use the optional packages, such as support for Info files,
   or RPM files, you may also want to execute the command

  $ make opt

   On windows NT, you will need to byte compile each file from within
   emacs, or you can leave everything unbyte compiled.

   If you use the rmail, info, or gud displays, and you are using
   Emacs 2x, then you will also need to re byte compile rmail.el,
   info.el, and gud.el because speedbar macros changed.

   Any other programs you use that define speedbar display modes will
   also need to be re byte compiled when shifting from speedbar 0.12
   or less up to speedbar 0.13.

2) Add speedbar's directory to your load path.

   (add-to-list 'load-path "~/speedbar-#.#")

   Be sure to replace the directory above with the actual path to where
   speedbar was unpacked.  This will make sure the latest version of
   speedbar superceeds any version already installed on your system.


3) Add bindings to make it easier to use speedbar.

   (autoload 'speedbar-frame-mode "speedbar" "Popup a speedbar frame" t)
   (autoload 'speedbar-get-focus "speedbar" "Jump to speedbar frame" t)

   If you want to choose it from a menu, such as "Tools", and it doesn't
   already exist in your version of Emacs:

   Emacs:
   (define-key-after (lookup-key global-map [menu-bar tools])
      [speedbar] '("Speedbar" . speedbar-frame-mode) [calendar])

   XEmacs:
   (add-menu-button '("Tools")
		      ["Speedbar" speedbar-frame-mode
		       :style toggle
		       :selected (and (boundp 'speedbar-frame)
				      (frame-live-p speedbar-frame)
				      (frame-visible-p speedbar-frame))]
		      "--")

   If you want to access speedbar using only the keyboard, do this:

   (global-set-key [(f4)] 'speedbar-get-focus)

   Using F4, you can now toggle between the speedbar frame, and the
   frame speedbar was started from.

4) Add auto loads for the auxiliary packages.

   For any version of emacs:

   ;; Texinfo fancy chapter tags
   (add-hook 'texinfo-mode-hook (lambda () (require 'sb-texinfo)))

   ;; HTML fancy chapter tags
   (add-hook 'html-mode-hook (lambda () (require 'sb-html)))

   For any verison of emacs on a linux RPM based system:
   (autoload 'rpm "sb-rpm" "Rpm package listing in speedbar.")

   For any version of emacs where w3 is installed:

   ;; w3 link listings
   (autoload 'w3-speedbar-buttons "sb-w3" "s3 specific speedbar button generator.")

   For XEmacs, or Emacs earlier than 20.2:

   ;; chapter listings
   (autoload 'Info-speedbar-buttons "sb-info" "Info specific speedbar button generator.")
   ;; folder listings
   (autoload 'rmail-speedbar-buttons "sb-rmail" "Rmail specific speedbar button generator.")
   ;; current stack display
   (autoload 'gud-speedbar-buttons "sb-gud" "GUD specific speedbar button generator.")

   For an info mode in Emacs 20.x and XEmacs, it may be necessary to
   do this instead:

   (eval-after-load "info" '(require 'sb-info))
